**Terms & Conditions**

By downloading or using the app, these terms will automatically apply to you – you should make sure therefore that you read them carefully before using the app. You’re not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the app, or our trademarks in any way. You’re allowed to attempt to extract the source code of the app to make contributions and further changes to this GitHub repository. Without due permission, do not fork this application into your own project without permission or an intention to merge those changes to this GitHub project. All merges will be thoroughly reviewed to ensure that they do not contain any harmful code in them, The app itself, and all the trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights related to it, still belong to TLM.

TLM is committed to ensuring that the app is as useful and efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to the app or to charge for its services, at any time and for any reason. We will never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you exactly what you’re paying for.

The Brick Rigs Mod Manager app stores and processes personal data that you have provided to us, to provide my Service. It’s your responsibility to keep your computer and access to the app secure.

You should be aware that there are certain things that TLM will not take responsibility for. Certain functions of the app will require the app to have an active internet connection. The connection can be Wi-Fi or provided by your network provider, but TLM cannot take responsibility for the app not working at full functionality if you don’t have access to Wi-Fi, and you don’t have any of your data allowance left.

If you’re using the app outside of an area with Wi-Fi, you should remember that the terms of the agreement with your network provider will still apply. As a result, you may be charged by your internet provider for the cost of data for the duration of the connection while accessing the app, or other third-party charges.

With respect to TLM’s responsibility for your use of the app, when you’re using the app, it’s important to bear in mind that although we endeavor to ensure that it is updated and correct at all times, we do rely on third parties to provide information to us so that we can make it available to you. TLM accepts no liability for any loss, direct or indirect, you experience as a result of relying wholly on this functionality of the app.

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on Microsoft Windows – the requirements for the system(and for any additional systems we decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to download the updates if you want to keep using the app. However, you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you, We may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any time without giving notice of termination to you.

**Changes to This Terms and Conditions**

I may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of 2024-01-18

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Terms and Conditions, do not hesitate to contact me at brmm@googlegroups.com.

This Terms and Conditions page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.nisrulz.com/)
